Updates to embed docs. (#241)
getredash/website: src/pages/kb/user-guide/visualizations/visualizations-how-to.md

## Create a New Visualization

Once your query has finished running for the first time, you can add a visualization by clicking the “New Visualization” button above the results table.

![](/assets/images/docs/gitbook/new-viz.png)

## Edit A Visualization

> You can modify the controls for an existing visualization from the query editor screen. Click the visualization on the tab bar and you'll see an `Edit Visualization` option beneath each visualization. Clicking it will open the current settings for that visualization (viz type, X axis, Y axis, groupings etc.). Hit "Save" to apply your changes or "Cancel" to leave no trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can modify the settings of an existing visualization from the query editor screen. Click the visualization on the tab bar and you'll see an `Edit Visualization` option beneath each visualization. Clicking it will open the current settings for that visualization (type, X axis, Y axis, groupings etc.). Hit "Save" to apply your changes or "Cancel" to leave no trace.
```

## Embedding Visualizations

> It's easy to embed Redash visualizations. Just click the elipsis button beneath any visualization to show further options and select `Embed Elsewhere`.

Reviewer: To make reality inline with docs: https://github.com/getredash/redash/pull/3844 :-) It actually bugged me for sometime.

Author: Fixed my screenshot to show proper capitalization in  cadbacd4fc591108d52cdb70d90f7a88e839fbb7

<img src="/assets/images/docs/gitbook/embed-viz.png" width="60%">

This will pop up the `<iframe>` code you can drop into your HTML pages.

{% callout warning %}
Queries with parameters do not support embeds at the moment.
{% endcallout %}

> For SaaS customers, there is also a hardlink to a PNG of your visualization hosted through `snap.redash.io`. The PNG embed is especially useful in contexts where iframes are won't work (like Github issues). If you need the visualization PNG to include a `Cache-Control: no-cache` header, just tack the Query String variable `?no-cache` to the end of your PNG embed link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For SaaS customers, there is also a hardlink to a PNG of your visualization hosted through `snap.redash.io`. The PNG embed is especially useful in contexts where iframes won't work (like GitHub issues). 

If you need the visualization PNG to include a `Cache-Control: no-cache` header, just tack the Query String variable `?no-cache` to the end of your PNG embed link.
```

### Downloading A Visualization as an Image File

> You can also download a local image file go ahead of your visualization by hovering over the top right area of the visualization and clicking the camera icon. It will be downloaded to your device.

Reviewer: This only works with a chart visualization.

Author: Fixed in 833c67b13d38271ed39842787f0f46921557d2a0
